Hey, isn't this Miss Guangda Guan Ya?
I saw him on TV.
The eldest lady of the richest family will ride to our East Garden
Are you here to make trouble?
Who gave you the guts?
So much for our key benefactor?
What to do now
Hahahaha Miss Guan
A misunderstanding
We didn't know you had this relationship either
Oh, this is not a big flood to wash away the Dragon King Temple
Does the family not recognize the family? Hahaha
Your mother's family also cooperated with us to turn off the keyboard relatives
Oh, a high slip of the tongue, a slip of the tongue, it's me
Then what do you think about the eldest lady?
How to deal with it?
Shouldn't have asked me
Hahaha, yes, yes, yes, you are right.
Mr. Yang, this is my son's fault
You have a lot.
You forgive him
Our Liang family is willing to pay compensation
10 million
10 million, what do you think?
What do you think, Mr. Yang?
Dig up my dad's ashes from the grave
Then fell to the ground
10 million
Because that's how rich people play with us.
The feelings of the poor?
Yang Ming, don't toast, don't eat and be fined
Shut up, your father
Mr. Yang, what Xiaotao did just now was indeed too much
I brought him to apologize to you
What do you say?
You draw a path.
Our Liang family tries our best to satisfy
Mr. Yang
Brother, we have got the purpose back.
Can I buy his leg for 10 million?
I think it's reasonable.
Someone do it
No no no no no no
Ahaha dad
You are the only son.
I can't live without legs.
Dad let go
Ah!
I was wrong, I was wrong, Yang Ming, I'm sorry.
Don't break my leg!
I don't want the bride price house anymore, I won't return it to you.
Mr. Mother, I think this matter is over
Tomorrow, your family will send someone immediately.
Give this cemetery back
Mr. Yao, my grandfather has been wanting to see you for a long time
Come with me.
brother
Xiaoxue, go back and take care of our mother's cemetery first
Wait for them to find someone to do it tomorrow.
I'll go with Miss Guan
Give me this.
Come and see Miss Guan off, let's go
Ah!
My leg
Master Liang, don't worry.
I will not let Liang Shaobai suffer this humiliation